[Doc] Update RA Core EE documentation (#11078)
marmelab/react-admin: docs_headless/src/content/docs/AutoPersistInStoreBase.md

| `getStoreKey`         | -        | `function`  | -                                    | Function to use your own store key.  |

### `getStoreKey`

To save the current form data in the [store](https://marmelab.com/ra-core/usestorecontext/), `<AutoPersistInStore>` uses the following store key:

`ra-persist-[RESOURCE_NAME]-[RECORD_ID]`

For example, if you are editing a `posts` resource with the ID `123`, the store key will be: `ra-persist-posts-123`. In case of a create form, the record ID is replaced by `"create"`

You can override this key by passing a custom function as the `getStoreKey` prop. It expects two parameters:

- `resource`: The current resource.
- `record`: The current record if you are in an [edit context](https://marmelab.com/ra-core/useeditcontext/).  

```tsx
<AutoPersistInStoreBase 
    getStoreKey={
        (resource: ResourceContextValue, record: RaRecord<Identifier> | undefined) =>
            `my-custom-persist-key-${resource}-${record && record.hasOwnProperty('id') ? record.id : 'create'}`
    }
    notification={<AutoPersistNotification />}
/>
```

### `notification`

> When `<AutoPersistInStoreBase>` component applies the changes from the store to a form, react-admin informs users with a notification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `<AutoPersistInStoreBase>` component applies the changes from the store to a form, ra-core informs users with a notification. 
```
